# 01-11-2024

Put an “X” in the “Present” column if present


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Present
   </td>
   <td>Name
   </td>
   <td>Pronoun
   </td>
   <td>Email
   </td>
   <td>Organization
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Cheuk Ho
   </td>
   <td>She/ her
   </td>
   <td>cheuk@openssf.org
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Khahil White
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Edoardo Dusi
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>edoardo.dusi@sparkfabrik.com
   </td>
   <td>SparkFabrik
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Katherine Druckman
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>katherine.druckman@intel.com
   </td>
   <td>Intel
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>jbly@linuxfoundation.org
   </td>
   <td>OpenSSF
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tabatha DiDomenico
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>tabatha@gr-oss.io
   </td>
   <td>G-Research
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Angie Byron
   </td>
   <td>she/they
   </td>
   <td>angie.byron@aiven.io
   </td>
   <td>Aiven
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Agenda:

* Welcome new folks and collect opens
* Helping for SOSS - April in Seattle
* Contribute to FOSDEM survival guide: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpJRXJELDM9qWO4ROFMLcvUM74ud0fz4EAnmHT94KT8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpJRXJELDM9qWO4ROFMLcvUM74ud0fz4EAnmHT94KT8/edit?usp=sharing)
* Let us know when you are speaking so we can support you (or just be your cheerleading team):[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSemXq5jUSHpKoqz4aGjWSNjl0yxUY5XdoNKY0tiM5TAblX73w/viewform?usp=sf_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSemXq5jUSHpKoqz4aGjWSNjl0yxUY5XdoNKY0tiM5TAblX73w/viewform?usp=sf_link)
* Open:
* How to help people to give talks \
	- Office hour? To help folks review and prepare slides- Task force \
	- Repo to share resources: [https://github.com/ossf/DevRel-community/tree/main/talk_templates](https://github.com/ossf/DevRel-community/tree/main/talk_templates) \
	- Speakers corner: For folks to practice and gather feedback -> Office hour \
	- Very good resources: membership slide deck
        * New slides template
        * Review CfP submission -> Office hour
        * Blog post to tell folks how to submit a good CfP for SOSS
* OpenSSF London Meetup
    * London Feb 8, 2024
* Meeting frequency - increase?
* MVSR: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rNOUNTp81Yxf16hmQnyCBO2pC_GHD7Pwh3TlS3ur_x8/edit#heading=h.h9d3nj3ybue3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rNOUNTp81Yxf16hmQnyCBO2pC_GHD7Pwh3TlS3ur_x8/edit#heading=h.h9d3nj3ybue3) - Tabatha and Katherine will do it
* Charter
* Details document for filling in MVSR: 

Actions



1. Draft a MVSR using existing DevRel committee charter [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JvK2CFfu-LbndLsArm-iyQZe-mdfyvPGQJNIBQ9e0Fo/edit#heading=h.jcsi473b5930](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JvK2CFfu-LbndLsArm-iyQZe-mdfyvPGQJNIBQ9e0Fo/edit#heading=h.jcsi473b5930) 
2. Office hours  (to assist)
3. Slide deck @cheuk (with support from @tracy)
4. (everyone!) Review the FOSDEM blog post: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpJRXJELDM9qWO4ROFMLcvUM74ud0fz4EAnmHT94KT8/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cpJRXJELDM9qWO4ROFMLcvUM74ud0fz4EAnmHT94KT8/edit?usp=sharing)
5. (everyone!) Help promote SOSS CFP.
6. Blog post to tell folks how to submit a good CfP for SOSS